src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:5:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:5:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'm_firstName' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:5:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'm_firstName' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:5:	ImmutableField: Private field 'm_firstName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:5:	ImmutableField: Private field 'm_firstName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:6:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:6:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:6:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'm_lastName' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:6:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'm_lastName' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:6:	ImmutableField: Private field 'm_lastName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:6:	ImmutableField: Private field 'm_lastName' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:7:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:7:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:7:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'password'
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:7:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'password'
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:9:	ImmutableField: Private field 'defaultpasswordLength' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:9:	ImmutableField: Private field 'defaultpasswordLength' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:9:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultpasswordLength
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:9:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultpasswordLength
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:12:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:17:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:22:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depChoice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'depChoice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:23:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:23:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'set' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rand' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'rand' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:46:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:46:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:48:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:48:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:48:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/Email.java:48:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:5:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:5:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:7:	CommentRequired: Public method and constructor comments are required
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:7:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:8:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sc' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:8:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sc' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sc
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:8:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sc
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'firstName' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'firstName' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lastName' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lastName' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'depChoice' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'depChoice' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
src/main/java/labcodeinspection/EmailApp.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'email' could be declared final
